In principle, as we all know, Ven. Khenpon Paulenche, Rinpoche, Ven. Khenpon Tsewang Dongyal Rinpo
che, we owe everything that's good and worthy and true and wonderful to you both. Thank you so much.
And we also, on behalf of the Sangha, I'm going to kind of take a leap here. We really request you
to keep teaching this Chetsun Nyingti in this upcoming one month, and into the future, really.
Please keep teaching this to us. We really, please.
I know what I really like to do. I think since we are doing a one-month retreat, it's really so
special practice. All Dzogchen teaching is so special, but this is particularly first grade since
he mentioned it, specifically, clearly, in the teaching that you got the book that translated.
And at the end of that, he really said that everybody can practice. I want everybody connected,
whoever is interested. Also, it really will benefit you all. He mentioned that so strongly.
I thought maybe this Dzogchen teaching is really the Togah teaching, the Tutu teaching, Togah
teaching, everything. So then, since we're practicing all of that, I thought maybe we'll go with
his blessings, the Veroja, the Malamata.
And then, all those grade marks, the Gurba and Masambha come together as one single state as this
teaching. So, we observe this teaching.
And that didn't mean that you're not going to practice with others. All those different practices
you're engaging. Practice, keep those practices, but keep this practice also a part of everyday
your practices.
And then, maybe one of those other practices are completed, then maybe a more focused on this, this
. And then, I think it's really wonderful. Then, of course, among the meditation, the Tutu
meditation is the foundation of the practices.
And then, the Togah is the result or advancing practice of the Tutu. And the teachings say that
without the Tutu practice, the Togah won't follow all that. So therefore, Tutu is so important, and
that I think we all know a little bit more now.
And so, I'd like to ask to keep that practice. And I think I mentioned that before, and you already
know, but every practice is combined with the three nobles, the beginning noble, the middle noble,
and the concluding noble, and the beginning noble with the beautiful intention, with those old
motivations.
And really, bodhijeta had you in appreciation and devotion, those. And then, those are the
beginning of motivation. And then, middle is the practice of whatever you're doing, but
particularly for the Togah meditation, then focus more on the Tutu practices.
Then, every practice, the Togah also do the Togah practice, but also in the teachings, the Kondi Re
hi practices are also really important.
So even though it's considered as the beginning of the Dzokhi meditation, but the Togah, I'm sorry,
the Kondi Rehi is really very powerful and very effective to bring the Kukli realization, and also
to play with the duality.
Of course, follow the instruction exactly when we do the Rehi practices, those.
For example, in the teaching, he said every year, he said many months, Kondi Rehi practices on was
her-pig mornings.
And really, many masters say that every year. I mean, that master also doing the Kondi Rehi
practices.
The Kondi Rehi practices, that is that, for example, this teaching one is very much connected to
the also Togah meditation each time.
The times are old, and those practicing middle novels and Kondi Rehi novels, as the dedication and
aspirations, those are really important.
So I just really thought to remind him to all of us. I'll just say that once again. Same thing, but
that's what the teaching says.
Okay, thank you.